what's up guys welcome on second routine
bodybuilding India this is your
friendships so friends it's around 7:20
p.m. on a Sunday and it's time for my
meal and all of you might be doing that
I'm cutting now so it's been around 21 -
since I've started cutting and I lost
around 5 to 6 kilograms and that's quite
high but we should keep in mind that
when you're starting something new
your body will new results quickly but
from the past 2 weeks I lost around 2
kilos so it says that show that in the
first week I lost around 4 kilos so I've
cut down on my carbohydrates and I am
taking lots of protein so let me show
you my meal now so that I am short of
chicken now so and I have to go with egg
whites so here sorry here I have 13 egg
whites so just put it on a pan and he is
what I got 13 egg whites I will get
around maybe 45 grams of protein here
and also I've got brown rice here so
this is how your cutting nails should
look like only little bit of
carbohydrates here lots of proteins and
I am cutting guys you should I eat
around 5 to 6 meals a day and each meal
should have around 45 to 50 grams of
protein oh yeah maybe for 45 to 50 grams
of protein or even less at least you
should take it on to 1.5 to 2 grams of
protein per pound of bodyweight case for
as she lose lots of muscle I made this
mistake during my last cut which lasted
for around 2 weeks because I lost so
much muscle that I had to stop cutting
and start building more muscle so egg
whites are a great source of protein
guys you can have it any time of the day
I like to have it early in the morning
and before my workout today is a rest
day so carbohydrates I am taking so much
I mean the carbohydrates the amount of
carbohydrate that I'm taking is very
less today but on the working days
training days it will be little bit
higher but the protein will be same
throughout their transformations
lots of protein here I'm getting around
40 to 45 or maybe 50 grams of protein
for each meal so 13 egg whites and brown
rice I'll get around I think maybe 25
grams of carbohydrates here I'm not a
person who like to cut too much
carbohydrates when I'm dieting so so
that I don't lose much muscle guys but I
can't get more than around 50 grams of
protein I believe me that's it's very
tough for me I can't eat a lot and I've
also gone out of my day protein getting
I ordered it and it will be shipped I
mean it will be delivered to me on
Monday or Tuesday and I'll also be
reviewing the product guys so that's it
this is how you're cutting we should
look like lots of protein little bit of
carbohydrates and if you want to can
added bit of fats so I hope you like it
if you liked it or if you have any
questions for me you can leave a comment
down below and don't forget to hit the
like button down below and if you have
not yet subscribed to subscribe to my
channel I will be uploading videos
regularly that's it guys take a trained
heart stay fit goodbye
you